Add `TWC 2025: Registrations Now Open!` news post/wiki article (#12818)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-02-15-osutaiko-world-cup-2025-registrations-now-open.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!taiko World Cup 2025: Registrations Now Open!"
date: 2025-02-15 00:00:00 +0000
---

> Get yoursticks ready — the osu!taiko World Cup 2025 is just around the corner!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get your drumsticks ready — the osu!taiko World Cup 2025 is just around the corner!
```
